Contributing.md, before:

# Contributing

If you have an uncensored internet connection, you can make a difference simply
by running Lantern and sharing it with those without one. Every additional user
sharing her connection makes the Lantern network work that much better, and
that much harder to block for censors.

Whether or not you have an uncensored internet connection, you can also help
by inviting people you trust to join the Lantern network. Lantern relies on
a large network of users who trust one another to share internet connections,
so the more trusted connections in the network, the better Lantern will work.

There are also many other ways to contribute to Lantern:


## <a name="communication"></a> Communication

The Lantern community should be as open and collaborative as possible. If you
have any questions, answers, or feedback that could be useful for the general
community, please post in the <a
href="https://groups.google.com/group/lantern-users-en">Lantern users
forum</a>.

Any sensitive communication can be sent to the Lantern developers securely
through the contact form in Lantern itself.

You can also often find members of the Lantern team in the #lantern chat room
on irc.freenode.net. An easy way to join is to go to
http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=lantern and complete the form to connect.


## <a name="documentation"></a> Documentation

This collaboratively-maintained wiki documentation is a work in progress. If
you see an area that needs more work and you would like to pitch in, we welcome
your help. Just use the "New Page" or "Edit Page" buttons near the top of any
wiki page.


## <a name="other-languages"></a> Other Languages

If you are a fluent speaker of another language and would like to help
translate Lantern's web site, documentation, or the application itself, we
would welcome your participation.

We have a mailing list for coordinating localization ("l10n") /
internationalization ("i18n") of Lantern at
https://groups.google.com/group/lantern-i18n. If you might like to get
involved, please feel free to introduce yourself on this list.

If you would like to help translate the documentation in this wiki, please
send us a note asking to be added to our GitHub Translators team. Once you're
added, simply click "Edit Page" at the top of any page. In the edit form that
you're taken to, copy the content in English, add a new section below for the
language you'd like to translate into, paste the English under that section,
and then translate it in place into the new language.

For getlantern.org and Lantern itself, we use transifex.com to manage the
translation process. To help with translating these, please [create an
account](https://www.transifex.com/signin/) and send a request to join a
translation team on our project page: https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/lantern/.

Lantern's official English-language public user forum is hosted at
https://groups.google.com/group/lantern-users-en. If you would like to start an
official user forum in a new language, please send us a note on the
[lantern-i18n mailing list](https://groups.google.com/group/lantern-i18n).


## <a name="development"></a> Development

If you are familiar with open source development processes and would like to
submit an issue or a patch, that's awesome. Please see our
[CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/getlantern/lantern/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
file for relevant information and then go right ahead. Community contributors
who get really involved will be welcomed as core developers.

You can also sign up to help us triage issues on CodeTriage:
http://www.codetriage.com/getlantern/lantern


## <a name="sponsoring"></a> Sponsoring

Besides running Lantern on your own computer to share an uncensored internet
connection, you can also pledge a one-time or monthly donation to sponsor a Lantern cloud proxy,
which provides an additional high-capacity internet connection to the network
24 hours a day, even while your computer is off or disconnected.

Alternatively, if there is some feature or bugfix you'd like to see in the next
version of Lantern, you can sponsor its development.

Please <a
href="mailto:sponsoring@getlantern.org">contact the Lantern developers</a>
about either of these options if you would like to inquire further.

You can also just make a 1-click microdonation to the cause in general using
Flattr or GitTip:

<a href="http://flattr.com/thing/854882/Team-Lantern-on-GitHub" target="_blank">
<img src="http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png" alt="Flattr this" title="Flattr this" border="0" /></a><br/>
<a href="https://www.gittip.com/teamlantern/" target="_blank"><img src="http://i.imgur.com/TK0Sn.jpg" /></a>

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Lantern. A vibrant and active
community is vital to our existence.

Commit message:

Added note about being added to the team.

Contributing.md, after:

# Contributing

If you have an uncensored internet connection, you can make a difference simply
by running Lantern and sharing it with those without one. Every additional user
sharing her connection makes the Lantern network work that much better, and
that much harder to block for censors.

Whether or not you have an uncensored internet connection, you can also help
by inviting people you trust to join the Lantern network. Lantern relies on
a large network of users who trust one another to share internet connections,
so the more trusted connections in the network, the better Lantern will work.

There are also many other ways to contribute to Lantern:


## <a name="communication"></a> Communication

The Lantern community should be as open and collaborative as possible. If you
have any questions, answers, or feedback that could be useful for the general
community, please post in the <a
href="https://groups.google.com/group/lantern-users-en">Lantern users
forum</a>.

Any sensitive communication can be sent to the Lantern developers securely
through the contact form in Lantern itself.

You can also often find members of the Lantern team in the #lantern chat room
on irc.freenode.net. An easy way to join is to go to
http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=lantern and complete the form to connect.


## <a name="documentation"></a> Documentation

This collaboratively-maintained wiki documentation is a work in progress. If
you see an area that needs more work and you would like to pitch in, we welcome
your help. Right now you needed to be added to the Documentation Team to edit, 
just let us know of your interest on the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/lantern-users-en). 
Then to edit just use the "New Page" or "Edit Page" buttons near the top of any
wiki page.


## <a name="other-languages"></a> Other Languages

If you are a fluent speaker of another language and would like to help
translate Lantern's web site, documentation, or the application itself, we
would welcome your participation.

We have a mailing list for coordinating localization ("l10n") /
internationalization ("i18n") of Lantern at
https://groups.google.com/group/lantern-i18n. If you might like to get
involved, please feel free to introduce yourself on this list.

If you would like to help translate the documentation in this wiki, please
send us a note asking to be added to our GitHub Translators team. Once you're
added, simply click "Edit Page" at the top of any page. In the edit form that
you're taken to, copy the content in English, add a new section below for the
language you'd like to translate into, paste the English under that section,
and then translate it in place into the new language.

For getlantern.org and Lantern itself, we use transifex.com to manage the
translation process. To help with translating these, please [create an
account](https://www.transifex.com/signin/) and send a request to join a
translation team on our project page: https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/lantern/.

Lantern's official English-language public user forum is hosted at
https://groups.google.com/group/lantern-users-en. If you would like to start an
official user forum in a new language, please send us a note on the
[lantern-i18n mailing list](https://groups.google.com/group/lantern-i18n).


## <a name="development"></a> Development

If you are familiar with open source development processes and would like to
submit an issue or a patch, that's awesome. Please see our
[CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/getlantern/lantern/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
file for relevant information and then go right ahead. Community contributors
who get really involved will be welcomed as core developers.

You can also sign up to help us triage issues on CodeTriage:
http://www.codetriage.com/getlantern/lantern


## <a name="sponsoring"></a> Sponsoring

Besides running Lantern on your own computer to share an uncensored internet
connection, you can also pledge a one-time or monthly donation to sponsor a Lantern cloud proxy,
which provides an additional high-capacity internet connection to the network
24 hours a day, even while your computer is off or disconnected.

Alternatively, if there is some feature or bugfix you'd like to see in the next
version of Lantern, you can sponsor its development.

Please <a
href="mailto:sponsoring@getlantern.org">contact the Lantern developers</a>
about either of these options if you would like to inquire further.

You can also just make a 1-click microdonation to the cause in general using
Flattr or GitTip:

<a href="http://flattr.com/thing/854882/Team-Lantern-on-GitHub" target="_blank">
<img src="http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png" alt="Flattr this" title="Flattr this" border="0" /></a><br/>
<a href="https://www.gittip.com/teamlantern/" target="_blank"><img src="http://i.imgur.com/TK0Sn.jpg" /></a>

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Lantern. A vibrant and active
community is vital to our existence.
