Questions-and-Answers.md, before:

### <a name="know"/> I live in an uncensored region and don't know anyone in a censored region. Can I still help?
Definitely! People in censored regions can still learn about you through your friends. So while you don't know anyone directly living in censored regions, your friends might, and they'll relay your information to their trusted friends in censored regions. **That's why it's really important to invite your friends to Lantern.** It maximizes the likelihood that your social network will reach into censored regions so you can actually help!


### <a name="whattodo"/> OK, I've installed Lantern. Now what?
For users in uncensored regions, there are two basic things you can do once you've installed Lantern:

1. **Run Lantern as much as possible**
1. **Invite more users**

Whenever you run Lantern, you create a new access point users in censored regions can use to access the open Internet. Remember, though, not everyone can access the Internet through you -- only people in your extended trust network (direct trusted contacts also running Lantern, or their extended trusted contacts). That's why the second part is equally as important -- the more people you invite, the more likely you are to become an available access point for censored world users. **So please invite as many trusted contacts as you can!**

### <a name="hackers"/> Will Lantern make my computer vulnerable to hackers?
Lantern takes a number of precautions to make sure users are safe. First, Lantern does not allow any external computers to access your hard drive. Instead, Lantern simply acts as a conduit for your trusted contacts, relaying their requests to web pages on the open Internet as well as the replies from those web pages. External users have no access to your computer itself. Lantern also requires what's called mutual authentication for all connections, requiring that anyone connecting through you to the open Internet is someone you have a cryptographic key for, so someone who has learned about your computer through either being a trusted contact directly or through one of your trusted contacts. This ensures that not just anyone can connect to you through Lantern, but only people in your extended Lantern social network.

### <a name="is-lantern-free"/> Is Lantern free? Will running it cost me anything?

Lantern is free as in money and as in freedom: free to use, modify, and
redistribute in accordance with its
[license](https://raw.github.com/getlantern/lantern/master/LICENSE). This
documentation is likewise distributed under a [[free license|LICENSE.txt]].

Running Lantern on your home or work network will not cost anything. If you connect primarily through a mobile data plan then Lantern can increase your bandwidth (as your trusted Lantern friends use your connection to get to the open internet). We recommend only using Lantern on unmetered Internet accounts.

### <a name="contributing"/> How can I contribute?

Please see the [[Contributing]] page.

### <a name="more"/> I have more questions, where do I go?

If you have more technical questions see the [Developers Q&A](https://github.com/getlantern/lantern/wiki/%5Bdevelopers%5D-Questions-and-Answers) page. If you still have more questions then ask on the [Lantern Forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/lantern-users-en).

Commit message:

Added "how do I download lantern"

Questions-and-Answers.md, after:

### <a name="howto"/> How do I download Lantern?
Lantern is still in development. We are currently accepting applications to become Lantern Ambassador beta testers. You can sign up to be one of our first beta testers by filling out this survey:  [Lantern Ambassador Questionnaire](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/11LiZoCMptcc_lj4b01It9n64gngaDPU53_ge3mhiaIM/viewform), and visit [https://www.getlantern.org](https://www.getlantern.org) to sign up for our mailing list.

### <a name="know"/> I live in an uncensored region and don't know anyone in a censored region. Can I still help?
Definitely! People in censored regions can still learn about you through your friends. So while you don't know anyone directly living in censored regions, your friends might, and they'll relay your information to their trusted friends in censored regions. **That's why it's really important to invite your friends to Lantern.** It maximizes the likelihood that your social network will reach into censored regions so you can actually help!


### <a name="whattodo"/> OK, I've installed Lantern. Now what?
For users in uncensored regions, there are two basic things you can do once you've installed Lantern:

1. **Run Lantern as much as possible**
1. **Invite more users**

Whenever you run Lantern, you create a new access point users in censored regions can use to access the open Internet. Remember, though, not everyone can access the Internet through you -- only people in your extended trust network (direct trusted contacts also running Lantern, or their extended trusted contacts). That's why the second part is equally as important -- the more people you invite, the more likely you are to become an available access point for censored world users. **So please invite as many trusted contacts as you can!**

### <a name="hackers"/> Will Lantern make my computer vulnerable to hackers?
Lantern takes a number of precautions to make sure users are safe. First, Lantern does not allow any external computers to access your hard drive. Instead, Lantern simply acts as a conduit for your trusted contacts, relaying their requests to web pages on the open Internet as well as the replies from those web pages. External users have no access to your computer itself. Lantern also requires what's called mutual authentication for all connections, requiring that anyone connecting through you to the open Internet is someone you have a cryptographic key for, so someone who has learned about your computer through either being a trusted contact directly or through one of your trusted contacts. This ensures that not just anyone can connect to you through Lantern, but only people in your extended Lantern social network.

### <a name="is-lantern-free"/> Is Lantern free? Will running it cost me anything?

Lantern is free as in money and as in freedom: free to use, modify, and
redistribute in accordance with its
[license](https://raw.github.com/getlantern/lantern/master/LICENSE). This
documentation is likewise distributed under a [[free license|LICENSE.txt]].

Running Lantern on your home or work network will not cost anything. If you connect primarily through a mobile data plan then Lantern can increase your bandwidth (as your trusted Lantern friends use your connection to get to the open internet). We recommend only using Lantern on unmetered Internet accounts.

### <a name="contributing"/> How can I contribute?

Please see the [[Contributing]] page.

### <a name="more"/> I have more questions, where do I go?

If you have more technical questions see the [Developers Q&A](https://github.com/getlantern/lantern/wiki/%5Bdevelopers%5D-Questions-and-Answers) page. If you still have more questions then ask on the [Lantern Forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/lantern-users-en).
